And the client we're talking about is Ali Mirza. So our hypothesis was basically that we expected trifluulin to inhibit mitosis in metaphase. And the way we hypothesized this was through numerous amounts of literature searches and research, we felt that trifluulin would affect spindle fiber formation in metaphase. And so, essentially, what happens in metaphase is a century old release spindle fiber fibers, which align the chromosomes at the equator of the cell. And the way we really thought about the reason why we looked at metaphase as opposed to, let's say, anaphase, was that if spindle fibers do not form altogether in metaphase, then in anaphase, there won't be I mean, the chromosomes won't be able to be pulled apart. So we looked at metaphase altogether. However, despite us conducting the experiments, our experiment essentially falsified all of those scientists data about triflorolen affecting spindle fiber formation in metaphase. And as you can see from our data, while mitosis overall was inhibited in cells, the mitotic index of metaphase showed no significant difference between control and treated groups. So what that really tells us is that there may have been inhibition of mitosis and spinal fiber function in perhaps, let's say, metaphase. Of course, we didn't look at I mean, my bad. Sorry. In anaphase, of course, we didn't look at anaphase in enough detail to be able to support this hypothesis. However, we can conclude with absolute certainty that in metaphase, our experiment did not yield successful results. And triflulin is actually a very interesting drug because it could be used for future experiments. In terms of future experiments, it could be used for, let's say, creating a drug for cancer, because in cancer, we have mitosis overgrowth cyclones, stop regulating cell cycles, and essentially cells divide and don't die at the time that they're supposed to, and aggregate into tumor. Now, trifluralin inhibits mitosis. So, with that said, if mitosis is inhibited by trifluralin, we could try to find a way to deliver a trifluralin drug with trifluralin and to tumors to try to stop a tumor from growing. And, of course, there are many biological factors that can play into whether or not this would be successful. Of course, like tumor resistance and DNA, how we, of course, get the drug to the tumor without harming other cells in the body because, of course, triple in and of itself is a carcinogen, and how maybe the receptors of the tumor will respond to triplerolin. There are a lot, of course, factors that will go into it. But it is nevertheless an interesting topic for scientists to delve into and possibly explore. Of course, the most immediate job for scientists would be to see how trifluralin may potentially affect a spindle fiber function in anaphase, because at least from our results, we can conclude that in metaphase, there is no spindle fiber formation. I mean, sorry that spindle fiber formation continues as regularly in mitosis.